Hello everyone.
So some of you might have faced this error in Mac OS or every time you update the xcode.
What happens is that Mac OS uses Clang as its compiler.
But generally we have a GNU C++ CPB compiler, which already has this bits/stdc++.h file
inside the directory.
But Clang does not have it right.
So that's why we face this issue, which is widgets, which it
Says that one error generated and that this file is not found?
Which file? bits/stdc++.h file, right
So how did I fix it?
Let me show that to you.
Well, firstly on the terminal I ran the code GCC version, I got the link for a link for it.
That where is the actually where it is actually stored?
I copied the path.
Let's copy the path.
cool, let's copy it till C++.
No problem.
And then what we'll do is we'll just open finder.
Okay.
Let's open finder.
Right.
This is finder.
And what we'll do is.
Just go.
To some.
We'll go to a folder
Just paste this link.
Okay.
And now here we are in the directory where it is using the C++ compilation.
Where are the actual files of it located?
We'll go in V1 part.
And now here you can see that we have all types of stdio.h, stdint.h, string
.h, right
We can use them individually, but what we have to do is we have to combine all of them at once
for that.
How we'll do is will simply create a new folder here which is in let me write the password.
So this folder let's call it bits eight
So let's open this folder.
cool, so before this, let's move back, copy some another file .h file and let's paste it
let's rename this file to stdc++
.h
Now what we want to do is I want this file to have all the headers what string has.
This is what string.h has right, so much inside it.
Right.
Of course, you can stand it if you want to.
Then let's move on to.
So I got this link on StackOverflow someone's.
Repository.
And here he has just copied all the header files for C and all the header files for C++.
Right?
So let's copy the header file for C++.
Cool.
So I've copied this.
Now, what we need to do is we just have to paste all the header files inside the new file that we have made.
stdC++
.h file.
Let's copy this.
Save it, close it.
And so here you can see inside the V1  we have bits/stdC++.h
Now let's build this.
Cool.
So now the build is working completely fine.
Right
cool.
So now this works.
Now you can easily submit it
You don't have to come and do it again and again.
So thank you, everyone.
Send you in the next part!